Replace Flings with Clients (#83)
vmstan/vmstio: docus/content/flings/phanpy.md

---
title: Phanpy
description: Alternative web frontend
---

# Phanpy

Phanpy is an alternative way to access your Mastodon account from your browser.

Through the Mastodon API, Phanpy provides similar access to posts and actions on posts you expect to be able to do to Mastodon.
You can compose a post (Toot, if you like), boost others' toots, like, bookmark, and scroll just as you would through your regular server site.

:button-link[Launch Phanpy]{icon="fluent-emoji-high-contrast:pig-nose" href="https://phanpy.vmst.io" blank}

Why Phanpy, then?
Phanpy provides some features not available through the standard Mastodon web app interface.

> - Boosts Carousel, which visually separate original posts and re-shared posts (boosted posts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Boosts Carousel to visually separate original posts and re-shared posts (boosted posts).
```

- Nested comments thread to effortlessly follow conversations with semi-collapsible replies.

> - Similar notifications are grouped and collapsed to reduce clutter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Grouped and collapsed notifications to reduce clutter by combining similar items.
```

> - Multi-hashtag timeline allows up to 5 hashtags combined into a single timeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Multi-hashtag timeline to combine up to 5 hashtags into a single view.
```
